README.md, before:

# shmenkins

## Initial setup

Run `$ sudo ./setup.sh` to install the build tools (`cfgen`, `awscli`, `terraform`).
Create a versioned S3 bucket in the same region where lambda will be.

## How to build individual service

```
$ cd infra/<resource_group>
$ ./init.sh
$ terraform apply
```

## Directory Layout

Directory | Description
----------|----------------
lambda | Lambda source code (python)
infra | Infrastructure source code (terraform)
util | Various utilities (bash, python)
cfg | Configuration files

All lambda functions are packaged into a single wheel. With minimal cold lambda penalty we don't need to worry about separating them yet.

## AWS resources
Single S3 bucket for everything.

S3 bucket directory layout
```
s3_bucket
├── branch_1
│   ├── lambda.whl
│   └── group_1
│       ├── terraform.tfstate
│       └── other_dependencies
└── master
    ├── lambda.whl
    ├── group_1
    │   ├── terraform.tfstate
    │   └── other_dependencies
    └── group_2
        ├── terraform.tfstate
        └── other_dependencies
```

Commit message:

add doco on project file format

README.md, after:

# shmenkins

## project1.yaml
```
---
source_code: https://github.com/foo/bar
description: my first project
builder:
    name: terraform # this will be mapped to aws_cb + terraform docker image (or aws_lambda since terraform is a light build)
```

## Initial setup

Run `$ sudo ./setup.sh` to install the build tools (`cfgen`, `awscli`, `terraform`).
Create a versioned S3 bucket in the same region where lambda will be.

## How to build individual service

```
$ cd infra/<resource_group>
$ ./init.sh
$ terraform apply
```

## Directory Layout

Directory | Description
----------|----------------
lambda | Lambda source code (python)
infra | Infrastructure source code (terraform)
util | Various utilities (bash, python)
cfg | Configuration files

All lambda functions are packaged into a single wheel. With minimal cold lambda penalty we don't need to worry about separating them yet.

## AWS resources
Single S3 bucket for everything.

S3 bucket directory layout
```
s3_bucket
├── branch_1
│   ├── lambda.whl
│   └── group_1
│       ├── terraform.tfstate
│       └── other_dependencies
└── master
    ├── lambda.whl
    ├── group_1
    │   ├── terraform.tfstate
    │   └── other_dependencies
    └── group_2
        ├── terraform.tfstate
        └── other_dependencies
```
